[MUSIC]
>> Lukas: So we are going to create
a widgets feature, so first thing's first.
We'll create a directory,
we'll call this widgets,
from here I'm going to create
a new TypeScript file,
and I'll just call this widgets dot ts.
No, and then,
we'll go export class widgets
>> Lukas: I will decorate this.
>> Lukas: All right, there we go.
I'm going to just preemptively
create a couple things,
because I know I'm going to need them.
We'll go widgets service dot CSI,
see your hand come up?
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: There's a question on
the servers running Import 3000 and
the app is running on 2001.
They're just wondering, if there is some
kind of configuration allowing the cross
origin to avoid all those cores errors?
>> Lukas: cores errors [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: cores error
>> Speaker 3: I should be getting a cores
errors.
>> Speaker 2: No, they're asking,
is there something that's being done
that's preventing that from happening?
>> Speaker 3: The JSON server command line
tool, it's core's enabled.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
So it's all handled already.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I think they're
just asking you how it was working.
>> Lukas: In this case, it's magic.
It's like the awesome JSON server,
the best JSON server in the world, and
they get up and say, well this one I
gotta use and it actually just works.
So, that's actually, I got that tip
from a John Lundquist from egghead.
I know so, it's basically in
their workshops they use.
Json server will actually, once we get
into server communication, will mock out
json or add it to the db dot json
folder that's actually serving that up.
So you're just going to quickly create
a widgets service cause we're
going to need this as well.
I know I didn't mention this in
the challenge but since we are here.
Actually, let's do, yesterday,
it was picking that up, what happened?
>> Lukas: So, we're going to import.
>> Lukas: There we
go.
>> Lukas: And I'll just go
>> Lukas: I'm really getting ahead
of myself here, but whatever.
>> Lukas: Okay?
Then in our widgets component,
we are going to just import this in.
>> Lukas: Because we just want it to be
available for this particular component.
>> Lukas: And
we go with that fuzzy
inject this constructor
>> Lukas: Okay, now let's for
the sake of just making
sure that this works.
Let's go here to the items component.
>> Lukas: And.
>> Speaker 3: So you're importing it into
the items component and not the app?
>> Lukas: For
now.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Lukas: So if I was doing a route,
then I would just probably
import it wherever
I'm doing the route definition.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
I thought that was the instructions.
>> Lukas: Well so
if that's as far as you got then
your ahead of me, actually.
So, I am doing the the path of
mostly least resistance,
we'll just go here,
so we're going to add this.
What I'm also going to
do because I do not,
and this is not going
to work because I did.
Real quick notice,
that I'm using single quotes.
I've actually done this more than once.
And that's how that works.
As I think it would work here but,
because I want to break this into a multi
line template using ES 6 string templates,
make sure that you use back ticks.
>> Speaker 4: Would
you use color coordinate?
>> Lukas: What's
that?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: color coding
>> Lukas: Yeah That was worth a 100 bucks
right there.
>> Lukas: We're just going
to
>> Lukas: find this,
and dump it into the screen.
Let's see if this works.
I'm basically making a deal with
God right now, like if it does,
like I'll never tell another lie again.
And there we have it.
>> Speaker 2: You can never lie.
>> Lukas: I can never lie again.
I'll still get I still get Paradox,
almost.
Now, does anybody have any
questions about what I've done thus
far?
>> Lukas: To my friend in the back,
were you able to get JSON server working?
Good, so everybody's working 100%,
no student left behind?
>> Speaker 3: There's a question in chat,
are all of our providers for
all the components,
not just services?
>> Speaker 3: Providers
for.
>> Lukas: Yes, so
when a provider services I think
there maybe some nuances in there.
But that is but
that's mentally the condition I make like,
when I say providers.
It's a service,
directives are other components.
Although that is interesting,
now that I think about it,
that they would make the distinction
between components and directives, in
terms of their semantics that the
component is a directive with a template.
A directive is, essentially
a component without a template.
Then, if you wanted to inject another
component into your component,
you do it via the directives.
I guess that makes sense because
the component is a directive.
I stand corrected.
Man, figuring things out on the fly.
>> Speaker 5: And so,
that thing I said yesterday about needing
an indictable if your component or
directive is true because directives
inherit from the injectible.
>> Lukas: Inherit the what?
>> Speaker 5: Injectible.
>> Speaker 5: injectible is the base.
>> Lukas: Interesting.
So, if someone or my friends out in
the universe online, if they didn't hear
that directives, the directive meta
data inherits from injectable.
Which is interesting.
You are one step closer
to knowing everything.